README.md, before:

# John's Data Science Portfoloio

## Python

### About me — by way of Python.
- My [hobbies](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/Hobbies.ipynb).

### Data Wrangling, Scraping, and Scripting
- Using web-scraping and regular expressions to wrangle [The Office](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/WebScrapingTheOffice.ipynb) scripts into tidy data format.

### Statistics and Machine Learning
- What can we learn about [penguins](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/Penguins.ipynb) from the Palmer Penguins dataset?

### Business Applications
- What's our probability of [hitting quota](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/HittingQuota.ipynb)?

### Simulation Modeling
- Simulating the [World Series](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/BaseballSimulation.ipynb) to understand the assumptions behind a T-Mobile home run promotion.

### Package development
- [Bindle](https://github.com/fioccajohn/bindle): My personal repo of utilities to carry with me.
- [Chucks](https://github.com/fioccajohn/chucks): My pandas extensions to interact with the Charles Schwab API.

## SQL

### Advanced Querying Techniques
- [The Big Calendar](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/the-big-calendar.sql)

### Advanced Procedural Logic
- [Archiving](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/live-archive-and-resample.sql) sparse snapshots of live data.
- Don't upload your data to online query formatters: use [this](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/clipboard-to-query.sql) procedure instead.
- Get around complex ETL logic with a procedure to [rerun on failure](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/rerun-on-failure-procedure.sql).

## Tableau

[My Tableau Public Profile](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/vizzes)

### Storytelling with Data
- Let's explore the objects at [The Met](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/viz/TheMetObjects/Exploration). Most of the visuals have actions that will show up as menu links to The Met's website when you select. 

### Dashboards
- A sample dashboard of [Stock Indices](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/viz/StockIndices_17321427855660/IndexDashboard) to help provide context for a big daily percent change for an index. Selecting a point will bring up a menu link to the CNBC daily market summary (only for past few years' dates).

## Excel

Don't download macro-enabled Excel workbooks from the internet! I've provided [screenshots](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/DayOfWeekExcelModel-Screenshots.pdf) of a model for creating custom weekday distributions.

### Strengths:
- Never using a mouse.
- PowerQuery wrangling and data connectivity.
- Structured Table References.
- What-If Analysis (Goal-Seek and Scenario Manager).
- Macro Automation.

Commit message:

Update README and move forecasting to root of project.

README.md, after:

# John's Data Science Portfoloio

## Python

### About me — by way of Python.
- My [hobbies](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/Hobbies.ipynb).

### Data Wrangling, Scraping, and Scripting
- Using web-scraping and regular expressions to wrangle [The Office](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/WebScrapingTheOffice.ipynb) scripts into tidy data format.

### Statistics and Machine Learning
- What can we learn about [penguins](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/Penguins.ipynb) from the Palmer Penguins dataset?

### Forecasting
[Time Series Analysis](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/Forecasting.ipynb) with naïve benchmarks, SARIMA with Statsmodels, and automated forecasts with Prophet and Nixtla Statsforecast. For this data, my trustworthy SARIMA model outperforms all others.

### Business Applications
- What's our probability of [hitting quota](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/HittingQuota.ipynb)?

### Simulation Modeling
- Simulating the [World Series](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/BaseballSimulation.ipynb) to understand the assumptions behind a T-Mobile home run promotion.

### Package development
- [Bindle](https://github.com/fioccajohn/bindle): My personal repo of utilities to carry with me.
- [Chucks](https://github.com/fioccajohn/chucks): My pandas extensions to interact with the Charles Schwab API.

## SQL

### Advanced Querying Techniques
- [The Big Calendar](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/the-big-calendar.sql)

### Advanced Procedural Logic
- [Archiving](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/live-archive-and-resample.sql) sparse snapshots of live data.
- Don't upload your data to online query formatters: use [this](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/clipboard-to-query.sql) procedure instead.
- Get around complex ETL logic with a procedure to [rerun on failure](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/rerun-on-failure-procedure.sql).

## Tableau

[My Tableau Public Profile](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/vizzes)

### Storytelling with Data
- Let's explore the objects at [The Met](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/viz/TheMetObjects/Exploration). Most of the visuals have actions that will show up as menu links to The Met's website when you select. 

### Dashboards
- A sample dashboard of [Stock Indices](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/john.fiocca/viz/StockIndices_17321427855660/IndexDashboard) to help provide context for a big daily percent change for an index. Selecting a point will bring up a menu link to the CNBC daily market summary (only for past few years' dates).

## Excel

Don't download macro-enabled Excel workbooks from the internet! I've provided [screenshots](https://github.com/fioccajohn/portfolio/blob/main/DayOfWeekExcelModel-Screenshots.pdf) of a model for creating custom weekday distributions.

### Strengths:
- Never using a mouse.
- PowerQuery wrangling and data connectivity.
- Structured Table References.
- What-If Analysis (Goal-Seek and Scenario Manager).
- Macro Automation.
